This code is meant to ingest the name of a file directory and return a list of the files within that directory in .XLSX format. 

Archivists are the primary intended user group for this code. As archivists increasingly work with digital materials, it becomes necessary to adapt foundational techniques and practices in a way that accommodates for the material differences between digital materials and their analog predecessors. Collection inventories are a common tool used by archivists for collection management. Inventories are a powerful tool for conveying the original order of a collection; the foundational principle of 'original order' (also called 'respecte des fonds') states that the organization system imposed upon documents by their creator is a carrier of information about the documents themselves and about the working processes of the creator as they managed their own materials. 

This code seeks to create a collection inventory which conveys original order. As the entire file path of each item within the folder is included in each row of the spreadsheet, a user would be able to see not only the items within the directory, but also the ways in which subdirectories have been structured and maintained. Instead of transcribing all of this information by hand, the archivist could use this code to automate the process of inventory creation. By outputting the list into .XLSX format, the archivist will not have to familiarize themselves (or their operating systems, in-house programs, etc) with new file types to be able to use this inventory. It can be run from the command line, and it will save the .xlsx file one directory up from the directory conveyed by the file. 

IMPORTANT: when the program asks the user to name their operating system, the user has to enter a capital letter. 
